[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I'm Dr. Theresa Bullard, and
this is "Mystery Teachings."
What if there is
a way to harness
the physics of time, energy,
space, and momentum by will
alone?
Imagine how much more
we could accomplish.
We could become
like super humans.
The good news is that these
phenomenon are adjustable.
We can master them, rather
than be bound by them.
In this episode, we explore how
to intentionally use principles
from both science and
metaphysics in practical ways
to expand beyond
perceived limitations.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Life today moves fast.
Old modes of operating
are no longer sufficient.
By consciously
harnessing the loss
of nature and the universe,
we can stretch time,
enhance vitality and
energy, amp up our momentum,
and use space better.
All these phenomenon
are interrelated,
and our perception of them
is relative, and therefore,
changeable.
Shifting the flow
of these things
comes down to one thing--
vibration.
Everything we experience
is based on vibration.
Everything is energy, vibrating
at a certain frequency.
As Nikola Tesla
said, "If you want
to understand the
secrets of the universe,
think in terms of energy,
frequency, and vibration."
What is vibration?
In physics, vibration refers
to rhythmic oscillation
of particles or
wavelike energies.
For example, at the atomic and
subatomic levels of nature,
quarks are constantly in
flux, popping in and out
of the quantum vacuum,
like a boiling sea.
Thus, the nuclei of atoms
are vibrating very rapidly.
In addition, the electrons that
surround the nuclei cannot be
found in one place.
Instead, they form a
wavelike cloud of energy
that orbits the nucleus.
Electrons are never at rest.
This constant vibration is
the basis of all matter,
even if that matter
appears to be stationary
from our perspective.
This principle of
vibration was well
understood by hermetic
initiates of old.
They said, nothing rests.
Everything moves,
everything vibrates.
Vibration is about
movement, but again, it
is a rhythmic movement.
So the principle of
rhythm also applies here.
In physics, the
rate of vibration,
meaning how fast or slow
something is oscillating,
is called frequency.
Frequency is a rhythm.
It is measured as beats or
cycles per unit of time.
Rhythm is about the
pendulum swing to the left
and to the right,
the ebb and the flow,
in and out, high and
low in equal proportion.
This principle says
that rhythm compensates,
and it manifests
itself in everything,
and that rhythm moves between
two poles back and forth.
So the principle of
polarity also applies.
Polarity is about how
things that seem opposite
are actually two poles
of the same thing.
They're just vibrating
at different degrees
on one spectrum.
How so?
Well, take for
example, heat and cold.
These are just varying
degrees of temperature,
which is based on vibration
rates of molecules.
Whether we feel
something as hot or cold
depends on where our body
temperature is on that scale.
Things that are higher
temperature than us
will feel hot, while lower
temperatures will feel cold.
The same is true for light and
darkness, noise and silence,
positive and negative,
spirit and matter, and so on.
None of these are absolutes.
Rather, they are degrees
on the spectra of polarity.
And the important
thing to remember
is that our perceptions of
various vibrational phenomena
are all relative to
our own vibration.
Vibration is what creates
the differences in all
that we perceive and
experience in life.
Everything, from the material
we touch, to the sounds we hear,
the flavors we taste, and
all the myriad energies
we experience are different,
primarily because they
have different vibrations.
When we realize that everything
in life is about vibration,
we'll also see how
even our thoughts
have vibrational energy and
can affect things as much
as other aspects of life.
These three principles
of vibration, rhythm,
and polarity, all work
together in a synergistic way.
And the cool thing is that
we can harness and master
these principles
in our own lives.
By viewing life as energy,
frequency, and vibration,
we can come to better
understand the fabric of reality
and its underlying structure.
We can also discover how to
shift these things at will.
As we shift our
vibrations and rhythms
on the spectra of
polarity, we can also
alter our experience of energy,
space, time, and momentum.
Recall from other episodes
how these things--
energy, space,
time, and momentum--
are emergent properties
of our universe,
rather than fundamental
building blocks.
They emerge as a result
of the hologram being
projected into this dimension
from somewhere beyond.
What's at the core
of these, what is now
thought to be the most
fundamental building
block of our universe,
is information,
meaning the encoded information
that generates the hologram.
But what is information,
and where does it come from?
Is it just quantum
bits of binary code,
like what's depicted in
the movie "The Matrix,"
or is it the
interference patterns
from some intersecting
waves of light,
as we see in the encoding of
our hologram playing cards.
Or could it be the
vibrational notes
being played on supersymmetric
strings and membranes.
Cabalistic wisdom also
offers some insight.
In the Sepher Yetzirah,
it begins with saying "In
thirty-two wonderful
paths of wisdom,
did Jah engrave his
name by three Seraphim--
numbers, letters, and sounds."
Could this engraving
of the name of God
be akin to the
encoding of information
that creates the hologram?
If so, the numbers,
letters, and sounds
are the building blocks used
to encode the information.
What is meant by numbers,
letters, and sounds?
As a physicist and
a cabalist, I think
of these numbers as pure
quantum frequencies,
or alternatively, as
the rays of creation
from source, which we could
also relate to superstrings.
Then the letters are more
like combinations or patterns
formed as different
numbers interact.
These form a more modulated
or rhythmic combination
of frequencies, which become
the interference patterns that
inform the holographic encoding.
Finally, sounds are the outward
expression of the letters
or vibrational patterns.
Sound is what shapes matter.
In the hologram
analogy, the sounds
could be the vibrational
energy from source
that shines through the
holographic encoding
to project into the universe.
This brings us, again, back
to the principle of vibration.
Only now, we see that this
applies in the quantum realm
and beyond into the
spiritual realm.
Vibration is not just
a physical phenomenon.
Vibration originates
with the source
at the spiritual levels,
when the rays or numbers are
sent out.
Now how can we apply this?
First of all, it tells us that
numbers are the first building
block.
Physicists would relate
numbers to mathematics.
Metaphysicists, however,
relate numbers to numerology.
In other words, numbers are
not so much for counting.
Rather, they have meaning.
They are bridges or links
to the rays of creation.
Cabalistically, the
numbers are assigned
meaning according
to the tree of life,
with the number 1 being at
the top of the tree, closest
to the source.
And the numbers 9 and
10 are at the bottom,
closest to the physical.
So vibrationally
speaking, number 1
is the highest vibration,
while 10 is the lowest.
One way we use
this is to imagine
a vertical scale with the
number 1 at the top and 10
at the bottom.
Think of it like
tuning the dial.
When we want to raise
vibration, then we
move the dial up the scale.
When we want to lower vibration,
we bring it back down,
and visualize the
numbers as we do this.
This is one technique we can use
for shifting our energy level.
Why specifically energy?
Well, because energy
is about frequency.
Let's explore the phenomenon
of energy a bit more now.
What is energy?
In physics, energy
typically refers
to the capacity to do work.
But at the quantum
level, energy is
directly proportional
to the frequency
of a particle or a wave,
such as a photon of light.
The higher the frequency,
the higher the energy.
In the visible light spectrum
frequency relates to color.
For example, red has a
lower frequency and thus,
lower energy than
blue or purple.
Other qualities of light, such
as the intensity or brightness,
do not affect the energy
level of a photon,
meaning that yellow light
emitted from a burning candle
has the same energy as yellow
light emitted from the sun.
The other important
physics principle
when it comes to energy is the
law of conservation of energy.
It famously states, energy
cannot be created or destroyed.
It can only be transformed.
Hermes said something
similar over 8,000 years ago.
He said, "The universe is
the work of eternity, which
has never come into
being and is ever coming
into being through eternity.
For which reason, it will never
be destroyed because eternity
is indestructible."
He also said, death is
a kind of destruction,
but nothing in the
universe is ever destroyed.
So the source does
not create energy.
Energy is already there.
It is eternal, and there
is an infinite supply
from which to draw.
The only thing that source
does is activate the energy
by turning on the lights,
shifting it from potential
to actual, from a
quantum possibility
to manifested reality.
This is something we can do
too if we raise our vibration
and harness our will properly.
Energy, thus, has to do with
frequency or rate of vibration.
It can be high or low
or somewhere in between.
Our personal energy is based
upon our vibrational state.
By shifting or transforming our
energy levels vibrationally,
we can directly improve how we
function in our daily lives.
Wouldn't it be nice if we
could control our energy levels
at will, without having to
rely on things like caffeine
or sugar to pick us up?
It's certainly more empowering
and gives us the ability
to sustain our energy without
going through so many ups
and downs.
We also take in energy
through our senses.
Our senses are basically
detectors and transformers
of energy from different
frequency ranges.
For example, light is
electromagnetic energy.
We know there is
a broad spectrum
of electromagnetic
energy, all of which
can be absorbed by
ourselves and atoms.
Our eyes are tuned to see the
visible light spectrum, which
is just a small sliver
of the full spectrum.
The whole idea behind
color therapy, as well as
the many applications of
LED light therapy today,
is all taking in the different
frequencies of visible light
to have different effects
on our body and psyche.
Similarly, our ears are tuned to
hear a certain range of sounds,
which are pressure waves
that vibrate the eardrums.
These get transformed
into electrical signals
to our brain and body.
Humans can hear sounds
over a 10 octave range--
10 times more than
our visual capacity.
We hear from as low as 16 Hertz
to as high as 20,000 Hertz.
But again, there is a much
broader spectrum of sound.
Some other fascinating
tidbits about the ears,
as a good gateway for
bringing in energy,
our ear has three times more
nerve connections to the brain
than the eye does.
And the auditory nerve
also feeds energy
directly into every
organ of the body.
No wonder we feel
so good when we
listen to our favorite music.
Similar things can be said
about our other senses
of touch and smell and taste.
Each has a certain
range of frequencies
we can detect and take in, but
the full spectrum of energies
are much broader than
what our senses perceive.
Just remember, we can use our
senses in an intentional way
to bring in energy and
help us shift vibration.
Is there a way for us to
broaden our sensory range?
Yes, of course.
It's all a matter of
training the senses
to more subtle frequencies
and paying attention
to those subtleties.
Most extra-sensory
perception is simply
a matter of becoming more
aware of subtle energies.
Assumption is the
enemy of perception.
Far too often, people assume
what is happening around them,
and then their brain fills
in gaps with illusions
that match our assumptions.
When we want to develop
our intuition and ESP,
we must train ourselves
to not assume anything.
To really look, really
sense, pay attention
to the details and subtleties.
The more we do this, the
more we rewire our brain
and start using
more of our capacity
for conscious awareness.
Speaking of tuning in
to subtle energies,
there is a legend about the
ancient Greek philosopher
and initiate
Pythagoras that says
he could hear the
music of the spheres,
meaning an acoustic
energy produced
by the movements of celestial
bodies like planets and stars.
Pythagoras believed that those
of a certain bloodline who
had been through a
series of initiations
would also be able to
open up to the levels
where they too could hear
the music of the spheres.
I've heard and felt
this symphony before
in certain meditations, and it
is breathtakingly beautiful.
My own experiences would
attest that through initiation
and heightening
our vibration, we
can become more attuned to
perceiving and receiving
a broader spectrum of
energies in the universe.
Let's return for
another moment to how
we can raise our vibration
of energy at will,
without having to use
anything from outside of us.
This also ties into our senses
just in a different way.
We each have sensory
tunings that differ.
Some of us are more visual,
some are really kinesthetic.
Others are strong in
their auditory processing,
and still others have a strong
sense of smell or taste.
Whichever is our dominant sense
that we are best tuned into,
we can consciously use
this sensory function
on the inner planes
to shift our energy.
How do we do that?
Well, similar to the
visualization method
mentioned earlier
with the number scale,
we can use analogous techniques
for each sensory framework.
Visual processors, for
example, can use colors
to focus and shift energy.
Seeing the dial move towards
purple to raise energy
or towards red to lower
energy and ground.
Auditory people can use pitch.
Tune in to higher
pitch to raise energy
or lower it back down
the scale to a bass
tone for grounding energy.
Those who are
kinesthetic can feel
temperature shift between
high and low on the scale.
Or alternatively, we can
imagine our molecules
vibrating fast or slow.
Usually when more
energy is flowing,
we will feel hot,
buzzing, or tingly.
And for those who have a
strong sense of smell or taste,
high vibration can be something
like frankincense or rosemary
or a spice like cinnamon.
While a low earthy vibration
can be something like mugwort
or shilajit or patchouli
or root vegetables
that carry a grounding energy.
We must first train our
senses to become clear
in our ability to distinguish
between different vibrations.
Once we get good
at recognizing what
is high frequency versus
what is low frequency
and how they make
us feel, then we
can use this awareness to
adjust our dial at will.
This is how we apply the alchemy
of life to shift our vibration.
Energy responds to
our will, and our will
is directed by our intent.
This is where a consciousness,
mastery of mind,
and hermetic alchemical
training is key.
The biggest task is in gaining
self mastery of our will
and mind, becoming the
captain of our ship,
rather than letting ego or
subconscious patterns drive us.
How about space and time?
How are these adjustable?
It relates to Einstein's
special theory of relativity.
This theory shows
that space and time
are linked, while the
speed of light in a vacuum
is assumed as a
universal constant.
The theory assumes
that nothing with mass
can go faster than
the speed of light.
But for objects traveling
near the speed of light,
time seems to
dilate, while length
seems to contract in comparison
to when the object is not
moving.
Thus, Einstein's theory
reveals that our experience
of time and distance are
relative to our state
of motion.
It implies that time and
space can change in order
to accommodate the immutability
of the speed of light.
One way this is
commonly depicted
is with a thought
experiment using two twins.
One twin is in a spaceship
that is traveling
at a constant speed close to the
speed of light for five years,
according to their clock.
The other twin stays on Earth.
From Earth's
perspective, time seems
to run slower for the
space traveling twin
than it does for
the twin on Earth.
The twin in space has
only aged five years,
while the one on Earth
has aged 50 years.
But from their own
frame of reference,
each twin perceives time to
be flowing in a normal way.
What can we learn from this?
How can we use it?
Well, again, our experience
of time and distance
are relative to our
state of motion.
So if we can change
our state of motion,
then we can shift our
flow of time and space
in a relative way.
And by state of
motion, let's not
think of this in a
linear, classical way now.
Let's think of it
in a quantum way.
Every atom and particle of our
body is constantly in motion.
Everything moves,
everything vibrates.
This means that by
shifting our vibration,
we can alter our experience
of time and space.
Let's start with time.
How can we alter our
experience of it?
First, we must
establish that this is
about our relative experience.
It is related to our
conscious relationship
with the flow of time.
For us humans, we measure
time by the clock,
which is synchronized
to a 24-hour day,
based on the Earth's
rotation around its own axis,
and then 365 days in
a year as the Earth
orbits around the sun.
So the Earth's
reference frame is
rotating at a rate of
one cycle per 24 hours.
Or, if we convert that into
Hertz, it comes out to about 10
to the power minus
5 cycles per second.
This is actually very
slow by our standards,
but Earth has another
vibrational rate
that influences our biorhythms,
and especially our brainwaves.
Known as the Schumann
Resonance, this vibration
is based on the Earth's
electromagnetic field,
as it moves around the globe and
oscillates between the Earth's
surface and ionosphere.
It ranges between
3 to 60 Hertz, but
its fundamental resonant
peak is at about 7.83 Hertz.
Interestingly, our
brainwaves tend
to range anywhere from
about 0.1 to 100 Hertz,
but typically are
under 40 Hertz.
The 8 Hertz level
of the brainwaves,
which is very close to
the Schumann Resonance,
marks a transition point
between waking and sleeping
for most people.
So let's say that this
frequency level of the Schumann
Resonance, or about 8 Hertz, is
the benchmark rate of vibration
for the Earth reference frame.
Now, how do we apply
this to ourselves?
If we can raise
our vibration rate
to higher frequencies
than the Earth's rate,
then we can experience a
different relative flow
of time.
The faster our
vibration, the more time
will expand for us relative
to its usual flow on Earth.
Meaning, we can accomplish
more in less time.
How do we raise our vibration
with respect to time?
Raising vibration, again, is
what alchemy is all about,
and there are many
methods that work.
One method that is
particularly easy to use
is to increase the
speed of our aura.
Just like the Earth
rotates on its axis
and has electromagnetic energy
flowing around the globe,
our aura is a sphere
of energy and light
that rotates around us.
Most people are not
aware of this happening,
but it is moving and
fluctuating all the time.
By becoming more
aware and by using
meditation and
visualization techniques,
we can adjust the speed.
When we want to
stretch or expand time,
we can visualize or feel our
aura rotating faster around us.
When we want to contract time,
we can slow our aura down.
In this process, it is
important to remember
that we must visualize the
aura rotating clockwise as seen
from above, or as seen from
our perspective looking out
so that it is a forward
movement of progression
and aligned with
the flow of nature.
Nature has a
preference of rotating
in a clockwise direction
for it to be life-enhancing.
This is better known in science
as the chireality of life.
At a chemical level, only
right-handed or clockwise
twisting versions of
DNA and RNA molecules
are found in life on Earth.
This also aligns with
mystery school teachings
that the flow of
the will of nature
and the flow of the
will of God flow
clockwise as seen from above.
If we want to harness
time, then we best
do it in alignment with
this clockwise flow
of nature and divinity.
The other key to
stretching time is
to get our aura rotating faster
than the Earth's frequency
level, meaning faster than
eight cycles per second.
The faster we spend
our aura, the more
our sense of time expands.
If we think about approaching
the speed of light,
as Einstein imagined, we'd
be talking about a frequency
rate of hundreds of
trillions of Hertz,
which is incredibly fast.
And while it's
maybe possible, it
would require a lot
of energy, as well as
becoming like the calm eye
at the center of the storm.
Fortunately, for
practical purposes,
there is no need to
stretch time that much.
In this method, the key is
in the movement of our aura,
and our aura is something
that extends through space.
Time is essentially a measure
of movement through space.
What is space?
It's the three
dimensions we live in,
and we measure distance
or size in terms
of length, width, and height.
While harnessing space is not
something we often think about,
except for maybe when
decorating a new house
or trying to organize
our workspace,
it is a very important aspect of
mastering our flow and energy.
Space allows us to
express our creative gifts
into this reality.
The spaces we are in can either
feel big or small, spacious
or cramped, depending on
how strong and expansive
our energetic field is.
Most empaths can
relate to the feeling
of walking into a crowded
room and becoming overwhelmed.
Empaths tend to be sensitive
to the energies of others.
In a crowded space,
they might feel
a chaotic mixture of
everyone's thoughts,
emotions, and vibes,
filling the space.
They get lost in
this swirl or worry
that they might absorb other
people's negative energy.
This typically causes them
to want to shrink or draw
into themselves, but this will
have the exact opposite effect
of what we really want.
What we want is to feel
contained and safe in the space
we are in.
If we shrink or pull
in our energy field,
then the space will feel
like it is caving in on us.
We will feel small
and disempowered.
To feel safer, we should
instead expand our aura,
use our power to strengthen and
reinforce the space around us
that is our aura.
Our aura is actually
quite large,
as large as 50 feet
in every direction,
but most people
only pay attention
to about a nine foot radius
or three meters around them.
When someone is within
nine feet of us,
we're keeping an eye on them.
If they get within
three feet, which
is about one meter
or arm's length,
now they're in our
personal space.
And within one foot, it's
considered intimate space.
If we withdraw inwards, it
diminishes the protective field
of our aura and allows
those other energies
to penetrate into our
personal and intimate space.
But if we instead
expand our consciousness
out through our field, out
to at least the nine foot
radius or further, now we are
enhancing the protective field
of our aura.
We are all capable of gathering
our energy and pushing it out
through our field.
By expanding our
field of awareness
into more of our
aura, we can deflect
other people's energies,
rather than be invaded by it.
Doing this requires a
certain energetic muscle,
which is something we have to
condition through practice.
The more we practice and
exercise this muscle,
the longer we will be
able to sustain and hold
our field of expanded state.
In any of these techniques,
however, we also
need to honor the
principle of rhythm.
When we shift our vibration
to a different level
than our normal baseline, it
takes energy to hold it there.
Just like any muscle
that gets exercised,
until we are conditioned
in strength and stamina
for holding higher vibrations,
which is really about shifting
our baseline to higher levels,
we will need proper rest
after the exercise.
Finding a rhythm that honors our
unique energy and current level
of experience is about aligning
with higher consciousness.
It's also important to
create a nurturing home
space where we can relax our
energy back to normal and rest.
What can we do to strengthen
our energy and endurance?
It starts with creating a
routine or a practice that
supports us in building up our
energy body on a daily basis.
Practices like Tai Chi, Qigong,
martial arts, breath work,
rituals, visualization, and
meditation are all helpful.
Then, by stepping onto
the path of initiation,
we learn more advanced tools for
strengthening our energy body,
protecting our field,
raising our vibration,
creating sacred space, and more.
As we become more conscious
of our whole aura,
we can expand into our full
potential of greatness.
The final principle we want
to harness is momentum.
Momentum is about the movement
of mass through space and time.
Momentum is direction-oriented.
Have you ever felt stuck
on accomplishing a goal
and wanted to generate
new momentum in order
to reach the goal?
In our lives, momentum
is about how fast we move
towards our goals and desires.
The greater our
momentum, the more
force it takes to slow or
stop our forward movement.
This momentum has to do with
inertia versus acceleration.
Inertia is a classical
physics principle that says,
bodies at rest tend
to stay at rest
unless acted upon by a force.
While bodies in motion, tend
to stay in motion unless
acted upon by a force.
In our personal
lives, inertia doesn't
mean we're just a couch potato
sitting and doing nothing.
It could mean we're stuck on
one track or pattern of motion.
We might be very busy
and even productive,
yet still in inertia.
How do we overcome inertia
to create new momentum?
We must bring in a force.
A force is some kind
of catalyst that
will accelerate us toward a
new direction of movement.
Sometimes life and
unexpected events
can be the catalyst
for new movement,
but waiting for
life to happen to us
is not the path to self mastery.
On a spiritual path of
progression, we want to ascend.
We want to break through
inertia and generate
our own new momentum to
accelerate our growth.
In the mystery
school tradition, we
as advanced spiritual
practices and methods
to catalyze our progression
and set forces in motion that
have otherwise been dormant.
These methods include things
such as rituals, initiation,
activations, ascension
up the tree of life.
These are all
spiritual technologies
that not only catalyze
accelerated growth,
they do so by helping us to
create momentum from within,
rather than from outside of us.
Many people in the world today
rely on external pressure
to get them moving.
A job, status, money,
approval-seeking, societal,
or cultural
pressures, and so on.
This pressure from the
outside can lead us
astray or into the trap of
doing things that do not truly
serve us or others.
With external
pressures, we might
find ourselves being driven
by greed, fear, obligation,
or ego, rather than by the
internal drives of passion,
love, creative expansion,
and expression,
and devotion to our purpose.
Building our own momentum
is about being aligned
with our unique purpose in life,
one that is also contributing
to a bigger collective mission.
Our passion and devotion
towards our unique purpose
becomes the fuel that
helps us generate
momentum from the inside out.
When we do this, our
power becomes sustainable
because we are hooked in
to a stream of energy that
comes from spirit, and spirit
or love is a limitless source.
Each of these phenomena
we've addressed--
space, time,
momentum, and energy--
can be correlated with one of
the four elements, which are
more like forces of creation.
Space can be seen as
the elements of Earth,
time is like water--
they both flow.
Momentum is about movement
and thus, correlates with air,
while energy is
represented by fire.
But all these elements come
from the fifth element,
the quintessence, which
is love or spirit.
All vibrations
originate within source.
When the rays of
creation or numbers
are sent out from
the spiritual levels
and the essence of that
source is limitless love, when
we tap into it, we can access
an infinite supply of energy,
joy, passion, and love.
By tapping into it, it means
finding that love inside us,
rather than seeking
for it outside of us.
It means attuning our
consciousness with love,
and love is about service.
When we are filled
with love from source,
we want to give to
others and to serve
by helping them also awaken
to love, to their divinity.
Our ability to shift
vibration comes back
to empowering ourselves as
creators of our own reality.
Part of why we are here
is to learn to manifest,
to express our divine
creativity into this density,
bringing spirit to be fully
embodied in the physical,
and thereby, transforming this
Earth into a world of peace
and prosperity for all.
We can do this because
we are here in this three
dimensional space time.
It is here that we
have the opportunity
to harness the laws
of the universe
and the rays of
creation from source.
When we remember that we are
not just these physical bodies,
and when we stop identifying
so much with being only human,
then we will no longer be bound
by the illusions of limitation.
We are energy.
We are spirit.
We are love.
We are eternal.
The more we live into
our divine potential
and recognize that the
power is within us,
the quicker we will ascend
to becoming superhuman.
From a metaphysical perspective,
transforming our lives
and our world into
our ultimate potential
all comes down to one thing--
embodying our God self.
Join me again as we dive
deeper into how to awaken
and embody our full
divine potential.
I'm Dr. Theresa Bullard.
Thank you for
exploring the mysteries
of the universe with me in this
episode of "Mystery Teachings."
[MUSIC PLAYING]